yeah Jesus is that gonna be it is that
the podcast for this week I got it I got
a summer I gotta put in an hour here
somehow I gotta put in an hour I don't
know what to fucking tell you guys I
really don't oh I know what I forgot to
mention this week ProFlowers Valentine's
Day is coming up everybody when are you
gonna proflowers.com
for some reason they took that banner
off my website they told me they go we
want to have banner on your website that
we have the ability to change and they
they just completely took the thing down
so I don't know what that means
you know I probably should have called
them you know but they took it down you
want you wanted all that control
ProFlowers I don't know what I'm
supposed to be talking about this week
all I know is Valentine's Day is coming
up and I advocate you know I have a cake
going out on the 15th when you can get a
goddamn reservation it doesn't cost 90
fucking grand
all right who's kidding who all right I
didn't get any goddamn copy this week
fucking I'm just gonna wing this one all
right it's Valentine's Day everybody you
got to celebrate her and her fucking
twat that's what's going down you don't
want to shop so why don't you go to
flowers calm and go get a bouquet of
flowers and slap her right in the
fucking cunt with it why don't you do
that just go on there flowers come click
on the twat and enter be you fucking are
are and get yourself a bouquet of
flowers shove the vase in her ass and
you have yourself a lovely day save the
chocolates for yourself cuz that's what
it's about
um no G she didn't give me any copy what
do you want from me I have copy for next
week they have their desperate copy for
next week hey fellas Valentine's Day
tomorrow
you got a Federal Express some roses why
did I just do that that was total
self-sabotage I was finally making some
money on the fucking podcast why would I
do something like that because my team
just lost the Super Bowl and I'm really
not feeling it I read enough ads to
cover my new pair of tube socks I need
to buy this week